I'll bring your fucking usher back up
here god dammit if he a fucking minute
per fucking song I'm gonna round for
fucking 25 years Las Vegas I got at
least one minute per fucking song I'll
tell you that right now
I'll tell you one thing I'll say Julio
Cesar Chavez has got one fucking minute
a knockout fucking fucking some
motherfucker from fucking Argentina I'll
tell you that
fuck this shit
give me a fucking break one minute it
was one minute fucking left you're gonna
give me fucking one minutes there's that
look at that fucking sign right there
one minute let me fucking tell you
something let me tell you something I've
been around since fucking 1980 fucking
eggs and you're gonna give me one
fucking minute fucking kidding me
fucking kidding me
what the fuck I'm not fucking Justin
Bieber you mother fuckers
you gotta be fucking joking so fucking
joke I got one minute one minute left oh
now I got nothing left now I got nothing
left
let me show you what one fucking minute
fucking me
one minute God's fucking love you all
will be done
you